I reviewed your latest commit becf827. The previous corrections improved the code, but the wider frontend/backend integration still has important issues. My earlier checks focused too narrowly on the reported cart bugs; this review traced the actual components and API responses.
What I verified
- 19 frontend tests passed.
- 16 backend unit/configuration/readiness tests passed, using Python 3.12 in this environment; your intended Python 3.13 still needs local verification.
- Frontend production build passed.
- Vite → FastAPI health request passed: HTTP 200.
- Exercised frontend components using responses serialized by your actual FastAPI schemas, with database queries mocked.
- No migrations, seed commands, or database changes were executed.
- Docker was unavailable here, so PostgreSQL connectivity and database-backed tests remain unverified.
Passing the build and utility tests does not cover the component failures below.
1. Product prices still break in the storefront
In FeaturedProducts.js, cards read product.min_price_minor. Your API returns product.min_price.minor.
In ProductModal.js, the popup and add-to-cart handler read activeVariant.price_minor. Your API returns activeVariant.price.minor.
Reproduced: a product priced at PKR 3,450.50 displayed PKR 0, and the popup initially added it at zero.
Fix: use the actual response contract consistently across cards, popup, hero, and cart. Missing prices should display “Price unavailable” and prevent adding, rather than silently become zero.
2. Collection display and filters do not match the API
Your API returns:
{"collections": [...], "total": 3}

Both collection consumers expect a plain array.
Reproduced: the collection section displayed “Collections Unavailable,” while product filters showed only “All Products.”
Fix: consistently read response.collections, either in the API client or its consumers. Add component tests for populated, empty, and failed responses.
3. Selecting options can add the wrong variant
The popup uses:
variants.find(/* selected options */) || variants[0]

If a combination does not exist, it silently selects the first variant.
Reproduced: with only S/Red and M/Blue available, selecting M/Red added the S/Red variant ID, while the cart displayed M/Red.
Fix: remove that fallback. Disable impossible combinations, require an exact match, and copy the selected variant’s actual size/color into the cart.
This is particularly important for your supplier stock system: the selected variant and stock record must identify the same item.
4. Hero media is not connected properly
Hero.js expects hero video, poster, and benefit fields, but /products/hero returns product summaries without them. It also reads the wrong price field.
Additionally, only the first video receives a src; later video slides cannot load correctly even after the response contract is fixed.
Fix: define one hero response containing the required media, benefit, and structured price. Load each video when needed, and retain image fallback behavior.
5. Media URL handling allows HTML attribute injection
In dom.js, URL validation checks the protocol but returns the original string. Components insert it directly into HTML.
Reproduced: a crafted URL containing quotes created an onerror attribute on an image.
Fix: create image elements and assign .src and .alt through DOM properties. Protocol validation alone does not make a value safe inside an HTML string. Add a regression test.
6. Cart verification still has gaps
The recent offline fix works, but:
- Items without a slug are skipped during verification and can remain marked available.
- Missing/invalid prices can become zero instead of being marked invalid.
- A live variant with an invalid price can still be marked available.
- The drawer does not disable its checkout navigation while isReconciling is true.
Fix: keep unverifiable items visible, clearly mark them unverified, and prevent progression until valid price and availability are confirmed. Real order submission is already disabled, so this currently affects preview reliability.
7. Catalog navigation needs completion
The API paginates products, but the frontend fetches only the first page and ignores pagination metadata. Products beyond the default first 20 have no browsing path.
Filter requests and popup requests also lack protection against out-of-order responses: a slower earlier request can overwrite the latest selection.
Fix: add pagination or “Load more,” and use request IDs or cancellation so only the latest request updates the screen.
8. Demo content currently looks like confirmed business information
Using sample products for development is fine. You do not need real photos or descriptions before designing the database.
However, the current UI includes:
- Random product photographs as fallbacks when real media is missing.
- Invented fabric descriptions.
- “In Stock” and “Ready to ship” without supporting availability data.
- Card/payment-gateway and encryption claims in the footer configuration.
- Unconfirmed shipping times, seven-day exchange policy, and size-chart promises.
- Placeholder WhatsApp links.
Fix now: label the storefront as a demo, isolate sample content, use a neutral local “Image coming soon” placeholder, and remove unsupported business promises. Keep sample seeding explicit and limited to disposable development/test data.
Your real products should later populate the same components through data. Replacing sample products should not require rewriting the frontend.
9. Database test protection needs strengthening
conftest.py compares application and test URLs as raw strings before running create_all() and drop_all().
Reproduced without connecting: the guard accepted the same host, port, and database when only the password string differed.
Fix: compare normalized database targets independently of credentials and require an explicitly disposable target. Verify commit, rollback, and constraint-error isolation against PostgreSQL after database testing is authorized.
Docker and setup status
The intended local connections are consistent:
Connection	Status
Frontend port 3000 → backend port 8000	Health request verified
Backend → PostgreSQL at localhost:5433	Configuration matches Compose; live connection unverified
Docker host 5433 → container 5432	Correct configuration
Fresh database → catalog tables	Pending migrations, as intended


Compose starts only PostgreSQL. You still start FastAPI and Vite separately; that is a valid development setup.
Compose creates alphazee_dev, but does not automatically create alphazee_test. Document its explicit setup. Also, a successful readiness check using SELECT 1 does not prove catalog tables exist.
My recommendation: continue our database-rule discussion now, while your IDE agent fixes these integration issues. Before applying the first approved migration, require tests covering the actual API-to-component flow, especially prices, collections, variant selection, missing media, and unavailable stock. The project has a workable foundation, but I cannot honestly call it fully integrated or issue-free yet.